<div id="adapter">Have you ever struggled with low charge capacity of your laptop battery and always fear that the adapter shouldn't get unplugged to keep the system running. Well I know how that feels like, that's why I developed this software which keeps an eye over the status whether the adapter is plugged or not.
Just start the software and after a click of a button you don't have to worry and look out every time. This software warns the user whenever their adapter gets unplugged.

Some key features: 
1. Start monitoring after launching the application automatically.
2. Give a sound alert with the visual alert (Visual alert is always enabled).
3. Hibernate system after a certain time if adapter stays unplugged.
4. Warning box always stays on top so that you never miss any warning.
5. Warning won't get off until you plug back adapter in (the warning also goes off if you stop the application).
6. Warning goes off after you plug in adapter.
7. It does have some hidden surprises go find them out.</div>
<div id="phonebook">Managing contacts is useful and necessary but is there no reason to be bounded to mobile phones to accomplish it. This project helps you to maintain your contact into a local database. You can also edit them and do all the things you could do on your mobile. But that’s boring so to fill in the gap it comes with an account system which will help user to share their contact’s directly to any user. Also, the user can search for a certain contact over the whole database but I know everybody needs privacy that’s why the contact will only be shared if the contact owner wants to.

Some key features:
1.	Full contact management.
2.	Give your contact a face.
3.	Hey, I haven’t forgot you maintain your profile as well.
4.	Search for user over full database.
5.	Share your contact easily whether a contact or your profile it’s up to you.
6.	Manage your account is now few clicks away.
7.	Check all your activities using activity log.
8.	Import contact from some other contact.
9.	Notification system.

Features to be added soon:
1.	Backup you contact’s.
2.	VCF format support.
3.	Moving to online database from local.
4.	Choose an avatar for your contacts.
5.	Use a webcam to upload pictures.
6.	Account privacy settings (Don’t worry currently you would be at local database, no privacy issue).</div>
<div id="shopping">This project was made by using C++ language.
This project was made to manage all the information which is required to be maintained by Shopping Mall like Shop details, Events going to be held & their budget, Movies & their timings with screen in which it will be showed.
This software not even stores the data but also gives you time to time reminders about the activities like which shop has to pay rent today, what events are going to be held today & tomorrow, also about the movie which are currently running.
It also takes care about the security issues like which guard has duty at which place.
And even after all of this, this project is made flexible such that the user can customize the home screen.
But after all of those features the most important this is the software security which is essential as it contains a lot of sensitive information and for that there is a login system made so that only one person or whoever has the authorization can only use this software.</div>
<div id="windows">This was my first project. This project is written in batch language.
In this project, I have tried to replicate looks of an operating system & even made its usability like an operating system only.
I have added a bunch of features in this project which helps user to customize & even enhance their systems performance.
As this project acts itself like an operating system so its customizable in itself & have several built-in features which is requirement for every operating system.
This project includes various hacks which is required for developers as well as for customizing & for taking full control over your systems.
Even after all this it has a section named game zone in which user have access to various games for their entertainment.
<strong>This application works best with Windows 7.</strong></div>
<div id="portfolio">Great to have you here, this website which you have been staring till now is also a project and this is my very first step to become a skilled full-stack developer.
    
There are some key features of this project:
1. Responsive Design (as nowadays responsive designs are required as it lowers the effort to make a separate website for mobile or small screen devices), try it out either by using a small screen device or resizing the browser.
2. Completely made up of only HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.
3. Highly Compressed Images for faster load up.
4. Almost completely static website but still behaves like a dynamic one.
</div>
<div id="sabstore">
This is a live project which is made for a company named SabStore which is a delivery agent.
In this app an end user can have three different user interfaces provided according to the role of the user.
There are three roles of an end user :- User, Vendor, Delivery Agent.

User can order from the app.
After the order is processed from admin the delivery agent and the vendors whose product is listed in the app will receive the order.

The vendor can complete the order from his side once he handovers the food to delivery agent.

Only the delivery agent can see address to which the order is to be delivered also with that customer name and it's contact is also there is case if any contact is required.
The order delivery is confirmed by the delivery agent once it enters the otp which is only available to the customer and it is generated at the moment the order is placed. The order otp is meant to be only kept by the customer.
</div>